So I logged into my AWOS console and you can see that my console is ready to Manoo play it.
So the first thing that we're going to do is of course check out the art.
Yes.
So to do that you can either go to services and type in already yes or you can go back and just from
the dashboard you can just say yes it's just simply the same thing.
And I'm going to hit click and Dan RDR Service is now initialising for me.
And here we go.
So as you can see now I don't have any RLDS instances or any other resources related to our.
Yes.
So it is saying me that I can get started now.
So what we're going to do in this section is we're going to launch our own our D.S. instances and as
you can see I don't have any of them right now.
And just like we can do from here like clicking on launch and RLDS instance and selecting the vendor
or the engine of your Ardis instance we're going to do all of that from our Polytone implementation.
So so as you can see it is going to be a great exercise to know how to launch RLDS instances because
when you're working in a real environment or in a actual real project to use an RDX instance you're
going to have to probably do that with the help of the API.
Iturbi and other kind of API like a WSC all by itself or and with the most preferred way as the python.
You're going to have to know how to do that.
So this is going to be a great exercise says because we're going to not just only lounge are our D.S.
instance we're going to learn how to take the backup or snapshot in the term of art.
Yes.
And then we're going to learn how to restore that DB from that snapshot.
All right.
So let's go to our next video and start implementing our RLDS instance implementation.